<!-- ======================================================================================-->
<!-- File         : exJumpStack.wiki-->
<!-- Author       : Wu Jie -->
<!-- Last Change  : 06/08/2009 | 07:39:43 AM | Monday,June-->
<!-- Description  : -->
<!-- ======================================================================================-->

= exJumpStack =

== Intro ==
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

exJumpStack records your jump history when you use exVim jumping to the search
results. It also records the operations you used for jumping. By using exJumpStack
you can easily trace the code, and have a clear view of how you jump to here or
there.

The exJumpStack records the jump operations from exSymbolTable, exTagSelect, 
exGlobalSearch and exCscope. The chapter [[UnderstandingJumpStack|Understanding Jump Stack]]
give you the whole idea of how exJumpStack works in exVim.

== Variables ==
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`exJS_window_height`

Set the height of the window. This variable only effect when the 
`g:exJS_use_vertical_window = 0`

{{{
let g:exJS_window_height = 20
}}}

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`exJS_window_width`

Set the width of the window. This variable only effect when the 
`g:exJS_use_vertical_window = 1`

{{{
let g:exJS_window_width = 30
}}}

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`exJS_window_height_increment`

Set the height increase value of window. This variable only effect when the 
`g:exJS_use_vertical_window = 0`

{{{
let g:exJS_window_height_increment = 30
}}}

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`exJS_window_width_increment`

Set the width increase value of window. This variable only effect when the 
`g:exJS_use_vertical_window = 1`

{{{
let g:exJS_window_width_increment = 100
}}}

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`exJS_window_direction`

 * topleft
 * botright
 * belowright

Set the window direction. This variable will be affect by `g:exJS_use_vertical_window`. 
When the vertical is true. it picked left, right direction, when the vertical is 
false, it picked top, bot direction.

{{{
let g:exJS_window_direction = 'belowright'
}}}

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`exJS_use_vertical_window`

Use the vertical window or the horizontal window

{{{
let g:exJS_use_vertical_window = 1
}}}

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`exJS_backto_editbuf`

If the value is 1, after choosing a item from explugin-window, the cursor will 
jump into the edit-window. Otherwise the cursor will jump back to the explugin-window. 

{{{
let g:exJS_backto_editbuf = 1
}}}

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`exJS_close_when_selected`

If the value is 1, after choosing a item from explugin-select/quickview-window, 
the script will close the explugin-select/quickview-window immediatelly.

{{{
let g:exJS_close_when_selected = 0
}}}

== Commands ==
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`:ExjsToggle`

Open/Close exJumpStack window. Recommend mapping: 

{{{
nnoremap <unique> <silent> <Leader>tt :ExjsToggle<CR>
}}}

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`:BackwardStack`

Go to the last jumped position directly. Recommend mapping:

{{{
nnoremap <unique> <silent> <Leader>tb :BackwardStack<CR>
}}}

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`:ForwardStack`

Go to the next jumped position directly. Recommend mapping: 

{{{
nnoremap <unique> <silent> <Leader>tf :ForwardStack<CR>
}}}

== Key Mappings ==
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`<return>`

`<2-leftmouse>`

Select and jump to the position of the item in edit window. 

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`<space>`

Resize the exGlobalSearch plugin window by `exJS_window_height_increment` or 
`exJS_window_width_increment`

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`<esc>`

Close the exJumpStack plugin window.
