<!-- ======================================================================================-->
<!-- File         : exMarksBrowser.wiki-->
<!-- Author       : Wu Jie -->
<!-- Last Change  : 05/01/2009 | 17:22:01 PM | Friday,May-->
<!-- Description  : -->
<!-- ======================================================================================-->

= exMarksBrowser =

== Intro ==
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

exMarksBrowser will browse available marks in the plugin window. You can select a mark 
and jump to its position in edit window.

There are several kinds of marks in vim, the lowercase mark and uppercase mark are 
the most useful two marks. As we know lowercase mark used in buffer scope otherwise the 
uppercase used in global scope. When you use exMarkBrowser, it will shows all marks 
including the lower and upper case mark. And if your current edit file changes, the 
lowercase mark changes, so it is said in exMarkBrowser when you jump from a uppercase 
mark, it will refresh marks in exMarkBrowser.  


== Variables ==
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`exMB_window_height`

Set the height of the window. This variable only effect when the 
`g:exMB_use_vertical_window = 0`

{{{
let g:exMB_window_height = 20
}}}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`exMB_window_width`

Set the width of the window. This variable only effect when the 
`g:exMB_use_vertical_window = 1`

{{{
let g:exMB_window_width = 30
}}}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`exMB_window_height_increment`

Set the height increase value of window. This variable only effect when the 
`g:exMB_use_vertical_window = 0`

{{{
let g:exMB_window_height_increment = 30
}}}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`exMB_window_width_increment`

Set the width increase value of window. This variable only effect when the 
`g:exMB_use_vertical_window = 1`

{{{
let g:exMB_window_width_increment = 100
}}}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`exMB_window_direction`

 * topleft
 * botright
 * belowright

Set the window direction. This variable will be affect by g:exMB_use_vertical_window. 
When the vertical is true. it picked left, right direction, when the vertical is false, 
it picked top, bot direction.

{{{
let g:exMB_window_direction = 'belowright'
}}}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`exMB_use_vertical_window`

Use the vertical window or the horizontal window

{{{
let g:exMB_use_vertical_window = 1
}}}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`exMB_backto_editbuf`

If the value is 1, after choosing a item from explugin-window, the cursor will jump into 
the edit-window. Otherwise the cursor will jump back to the explugin-window. 

{{{
let g:exMB_backto_editbuf = 1
}}}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`exMB_close_when_selected`

If the value is 1, after choosing a item from explugin-select/quickview-window, the script 
will close the explugin-select/quickview-window immediatelly.

{{{
let g:exMB_close_when_selected = 0
}}}

== Commands ==
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`:ExmbToggle`

Open/Close exMarksBrowser plugin window. Recommend mapping:

{{{
nnoremap <unique> <leader>ms :ExmbToggle<CR>
}}}


== Key Mappings ==
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`<return>`

Enable/Disable macro highlight or group highlight

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`<space>`

Resize the exMarksBrowser plugin window by `exMH_window_height_increment` or `exMH_window_width_increment`

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`<esc>`

Close the exMarksBrowser plugin window.
