<!-- ======================================================================================-->
<!-- File         : exQuickFix.wiki-->
<!-- Author       : Wu Jie -->
<!-- Last Change  : 05/03/2009 | 00:02:04 AM | Sunday,May-->
<!-- Description  : -->
<!-- ======================================================================================-->

= exQuickFix =

== Intro ==
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    
exQuickFix load the compile error result from file or buffer, and create quickfix 
list, then show the warnings/errors in the plugin-window let you choose to jump 
to it.

Compare with the quickfix in vim, the exQuickFix is almost the same but more easy 
to operate. Also it is write to work with other plugin such as exProject and visual-studio.
You can directly open the exQuickFix window by open a ".err" file in exProject. 
Also when you compile single file in MS-VS.net through visual-studio plugin(patched 
version) you will get the error result in exQuickFix window when compile finished. 

== Variables ==
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`exQF_window_height`

Set the height of the window. This variable only effect when the 
`g:exQF_use_vertical_window = 0`

{{{
let g:exQF_window_height = 20
}}}

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`exQF_window_width`

Set the width of the window. This variable only effect when the 
`g:exQF_use_vertical_window = 1`

{{{
let g:exQF_window_width = 30
}}}

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`exQF_window_height_increment`

Set the height increase value of window. This variable only effect when the 
`g:exQF_use_vertical_window = 0`

{{{
let g:exQF_window_height_increment = 30
}}}

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`exQF_window_width_increment`

Set the width increase value of window. This variable only effect when the 
`g:exQF_use_vertical_window = 1`

{{{
let g:exQF_window_width_increment = 100
}}}

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`exQF_window_direction`

 * topleft
 * botright
 * belowright

Set the window direction. This variable will be affect by `g:exQF_use_vertical_window`. 
When the vertical is true. it picked left, right direction, when the vertical is 
false, it picked top, bot direction.

{{{
let g:exQF_window_direction = 'belowright'
}}}

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`exQF_use_vertical_window`

Use the vertical window or the horizontal window

{{{
let g:exQF_use_vertical_window = 1
}}}

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`exQF_backto_editbuf`

If the value is 1, after choosing a item from explugin-window, the cursor will 
jump into the edit-window. Otherwise the cursor will jump back to the explugin-window. 

{{{
let g:exQF_backto_editbuf = 1
}}}

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`exQF_close_when_selected`

If the value is 1, after choosing a item from explugin-select/quickview-window, 
the script will close the explugin-select/quickview-window immediatelly.

{{{
let g:exQF_close_when_selected = 0
}}}

== Commands ==
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`:QF {file-name}`

load a quickfix list from a file, and shows the contents in the exQuickFix 
select-window. You can jump to the quick fix position by press `<enter>` on the 
line have quickfix information. Also you can use `<ctrl-left>` to switch to the 
quickview-window to see all the available quick fixes. To swtich back to 
select-window, press `<ctrl-right>`.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`:ExqfSelectToggle`

Open/Close a exQuickFix select-window.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`:ExqfQuickViewToggle`

Open/Close a exQuickFix quickview-window.

== Key Mappings ==
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`<return>`

`<2-leftmouse>`

Select and jump to the preview position of the item in edit window. 

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`<space>`

Resize the exQuickFix plugin window by `exGS_window_height_increment` or 
`exGS_window_width_increment`

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`<esc>`

Close the exQuickFix plugin window.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`<ctrl-right>`

Switch to select-window

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`<ctrl-left>`

Switch to quickview-window

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`<ctrl-down>`

Jump to next error in select/quickview window.  

*NOTE:* The error here means the line have words "error" or "warning"

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`<ctrl-up>`

Jump to prev error in select/quickview window.  

*NOTE:* the error here means the line have words "error" or "warning"
