<!-- ======================================================================================-->
<!-- File         : vimwiki.wiki-->
<!-- Author       : Wu Jie -->
<!-- Last Change  : 05/05/2009 | 21:42:31 PM | Tuesday,May-->
<!-- Description  : -->
<!-- ======================================================================================-->

= vimwiki =

== Intro ==
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

vimwiki is great vim plugin for writing wiki in vim. Its wiki syntax is similar like google
wiki (latest version), and it support css, syntax highlighter and so on. It could be your
must have vim plugin if you handle lots of programme document everyday and need some lite 
document writer to organize your mind.

I write several functions in exUtility to help me setup vimwiki, and make it work under exVim.

== My settings ==
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Here is my vimwiki settings in my vimrc, I'll explain it later:

{{{
" ------------------------------------------------------------------ 
" Desc: VimWiki 
" ------------------------------------------------------------------ 

map <silent><unique> <Leader>wt <Plug>VimwikiTabGoHome
map <silent><unique> <Leader>wq <Plug>VimwikiUISelect
map <silent><unique> <Leader>ww <Plug>VimwikiGoHome

" vimwiki file process
au FileType vimwiki command! W call exUtility#SaveAndConvertVimwiki(0)
au FileType vimwiki command! WA call exUtility#SaveAndConvertVimwiki(1)


" exEnvironmentSetting post update
" NOTE: this is a post update environment function used for any custom environment update 
function g:exES_PostUpdate()
    " set vimwiki
    if exists( 'g:exES_wikiHome' )
        " clear the list first
        if exists( 'g:vimwiki_list' ) && !empty(g:vimwiki_list)
            silent call remove( g:vimwiki_list, 0, len(g:vimwiki_list)-1 )
        endif

        " assign vimwiki pathes, 
        " NOTE: vimwiki need full path.
        let g:vimwiki_list = [ { 'path': fnamemodify(g:exES_wikiHome,":p"), 
                    \ 'path_html': fnamemodify(g:exES_wikiHomeHtml,":p"),
                    \ 'html_header': fnamemodify(g:exES_wikiHtmlHeader,":p") } ]

        " create vimwiki files
        call exUtility#CreateVimwikiFiles ()
    endif
endfunction
}}}

The `:W` command will save current edit buffer, and call `Vimwiki2HTML` to convert to html
file.

The `:WA` command will save all edit buffers, and call `VimwikiAll2HTML` to convert all 
wiki files to html files.

Cause I apply syntax highlighter in vimwiki by rewriting the wiki html header, when you use `:W` 
or `:WA` the function `exUtilit#SaveAndConvertVimwiki` will check if you have !SyntaxHighligter 
in exVim, if yes it will copy the files to the wiki's html path so that your code will have 
syntax highlight in the web-browser.

You need to download the !SyntaxHighlighter in http://alexgorbatchev.com/wiki/SyntaxHighlighter
and install it by extracting the package to your `vim/toolkit/SyntaxHiglihgter`.

Also I add vimwiki to the exEnvironment default template. You can setup your wiki home path,
html convert path and html header directly in ".vimentry" file.

== Links ==
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

    * vimwiki on [http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2226 vim scripts]
    * vimwiki on [http://code.google.com/p/vimwiki/ google project]
