<!-- ======================================================================================-->
<!-- File         : About.wiki-->
<!-- Author       : Wu Jie -->
<!-- Last Change  : 05/03/2009 | 01:10:21 AM | Sunday,May-->
<!-- Description  : -->
<!-- ======================================================================================-->

= About =

== The exVim project ==
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

http://code.google.com/p/exvim/

== The exVim discuss group ==
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

https://groups.google.com/group/exVim

== About us ==
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

My name is Wu Jie, I'm a 3D programmer working in ubisoft, exVim is a tool I developed 
in my free time since December 2005. 

At that time, I was incharged in writing special effect for our game, and I have to write 
some shader codes. I've been seeking a good way to help me write shader easily since 
visual studio at that time (even this time) was not a good editor to edit shader codes. 

I told my problem to my colleague also a good friend Yu Jian Rong, and he recommended 
me to have a look at vim, check if it can solve my problem. Fortunately, it rocks! And 
I started to use vim since that time.

After that we been working under Unreal Engine, and get in touch with !UnrealScript, 
since the project getting bigger, we desire a tool can help us manage, edit and browse 
uc files efficiently. At the beginning we tried souce insight, a commercial editor for 
easy reading/editing code. Though it is great, the license of it is too expensive to us.  
Finally I decided to develop a vim which combined a project browser window and a global 
search method which can append search result in a quickview window like source insight. 
That was the first version of exVim.

After I showed my work (a exTagSelect plugin with project.vim script) of vim, Yu Jian 
Rong gave some advises and added the exSymbolTable plugin processed by gawk. At that time, 
we found several useful tools in !GnuWin32, including id-utils. Then I develop exGlobalSearch 
plugin and apply the filter search method to all ex plugin series. 

With these basic stuff, exVim in that time helping us working under huge project. But I'm 
not so satisfied with the performance of project.vim script, since it is a little 
bit slow to create project file in big project.  Also since I want a way to browse my 
compile result, I started developing exProject and exQuickFix, and finally let them worked.

After that Yu Jian Rong and I have different opinion in help system in exVim, and that 
is why we have a branches -- Custumed_YJR in http://code.google.com/p/exvim/. It is a 
version with buildin help text in each ex-plugin window. But I plan to merge these codes 
when I have time.

I met Fu Qiang in years 2008 who write the first FAQ with Gu Yu, and help me introduce 
exVim to other programmer and teach them how to use it in ubisoft.

... to be continue...

== Contact Method ==
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

If you have any problem on using exVim, feel free to contact us, we will reply your mail asap. 

 * Wu Jie: `KarasAya@gmail.com`
 * Yu Jian Rong: `YuJianrong@gmail.com`
