<!-- ======================================================================================-->
<!-- File         : exBufExplorer.wiki-->
<!-- Author       : Wu Jie -->
<!-- Last Change  : 06/23/2009 | 14:45:39 PM | Tuesday,June-->
<!-- Description  : -->
<!-- ======================================================================================-->

= exBufExplorer =

== Intro ==
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The exBufExplorer is a plugin used to manage the opened buffers. You can use it search,
open, close your listed buffer in exVim. Also it provide bookmarks to let you store your
frequently edit files.

== Variables ==
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`exBE_window_height`

Set the height of the window. This variable only effect when the 
`g:exBE_use_vertical_window = 0`

{{{
let g:exBE_window_height = 20
}}}

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`exBE_window_width`

Set the width of the window. This variable only effect when the 
`g:exBE_use_vertical_window = 1`

{{{
let g:exBE_window_width = 30
}}}

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`exBE_window_height_increment`

Set the height increase value of window. This variable only effect when the
`g:exBE_use_vertical_window = 0`

{{{
let g:exBE_window_height_increment = 30
}}}

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`exBE_window_width_increment`

Set the width increase value of window. This variable only effect when the
`g:exBE_use_vertical_window = 1`

{{{
let g:exBE_window_width_increment = 100
}}}

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`exBE_window_direction`
    * `topleft`
    * `botright`
    * `belowright`

Set the window direction. This variable will be affect by `g:exBE_use_vertical_window`. 
When the vertical is true. it picked left, right direction, when the vertical is false, 
it picked top, bot direction.

{{{
let g:exBE_window_direction = 'topleft'
}}}

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`exBE_use_vertical_window`

Use the vertical window or the horizontal window

{{{
let g:exBE_use_vertical_window = 1
}}}

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`exBE_backto_editbuf`

If the value is 1, after choosing a item from explugin-window, the cursor will 
jump into the edit-window. Otherwise the cursor will jump back to the explugin-window. 

{{{
let g:exBE_backto_editbuf = 1
}}}

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`exBE_close_when_selected`

If the value is 1, after choosing a item from explugin-window, the script will 
close the explugin-window immediatelly.

{{{
let g:exBE_close_when_selected = 0
}}}

==Commands==
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`:EXB[ufExplorer]`

Open the exBufExplorer window. 

{{{
nmap <unique> <A-S-b> :EXBufExplorer<CR>:redraw<CR>/
}}}

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`EXAddBookmarkDirectly`

Add current edit file to bookmarks.

{{{
nnoremap <unique> <leader>bk :EXAddBookmarkDirectly<CR>
}}}

==Key Mappings==
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`<return>`

`<2-leftmouse>`

Select and jump to the preview position of the item in edit window. 

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`<space>`

Resize the exBufExplorer plugin window by `exBE_window_height_increment` or 
`exBE_window_width_increment`

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`<esc>`

Close the exBufExplorer plugin window.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`dd`

Close the selected buffer or delete selected bookmarks.
