<!-- ======================================================================================-->
<!-- File         : exProject.wiki-->
<!-- Author       : Wu Jie -->
<!-- Last Change  : 05/02/2009 | 18:11:15 PM | Saturday,May-->
<!-- Description  : -->
<!-- ======================================================================================-->

= exProject =

== Intro ==
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The exProject manage files in project window. You can create files by filter, also choose
the directory you wanna browsing. It provides tree view files like the other file browser 
plugin in vim web-site. But unlike thoes plugin, exProject put more focus on project 
itself, that make it more effecient on browing and searching files.

== Variables ==
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`exPJ_window_height`

Set the height of the window. This variable only effect when the 
`g:exPJ_use_vertical_window = 0`

{{{
let g:exPJ_window_height = 20
}}}

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`exPJ_window_width`

Set the width of the window. This variable only effect when the 
`g:exPJ_use_vertical_window = 1`

{{{
let g:exPJ_window_width = 30
}}}

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`exPJ_window_height_increment`

Set the height increase value of window. This variable only effect when the
`g:exPJ_use_vertical_window = 0`

{{{
let g:exPJ_window_height_increment = 30
}}}

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`exPJ_window_width_increment`

Set the width increase value of window. This variable only effect when the
`g:exPJ_use_vertical_window = 1`

{{{
let g:exPJ_window_width_increment = 100
}}}

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`exPJ_window_direction`
    * `topleft`
    * `botright`
    * `belowright`

Set the window direction. This variable will be affect by `g:exPJ_use_vertical_window`. 
When the vertical is true. it picked left, right direction, when the vertical is false, 
it picked top, bot direction.

{{{
let g:exPJ_window_direction = 'topleft'
}}}

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`exPJ_use_vertical_window`

Use the vertical window or the horizontal window

{{{
let g:exPJ_use_vertical_window = 1
}}}

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`exPJ_backto_editbuf`

If the value is 1, after choosing a item from explugin-window, the cursor will 
jump into the edit-window. Otherwise the cursor will jump back to the explugin-window. 

{{{
let g:exPJ_backto_editbuf = 1
}}}

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`exPJ_close_when_selected`

If the value is 1, after choosing a item from explugin-window, the script will 
close the explugin-window immediatelly.

{{{
let g:exPJ_close_when_selected = 0
}}}

== Commands ==
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`:EXP[roject] [{file-name}]`

Open a project file in project window with the `{file-name}` user gives. Actually 
you seldom use this command, cause it will be run automatically in `g:exES_UpdateEnvironment` 
when you define `g:exES_project_cmd = EXProject`.

*NOTE:* if there is not `{file-name}` gived, the command will move the cursor to 
the project window if it opened, or it will open a project window.

recommended mapping:

{{{
nnoremap <unique> <silent> <A-S-p> :EXProject<CR>
nmap <unique> <A-S-o> :EXProject<CR>:redraw<CR>/
}}}

*NOTE:* the second mapping is not just open/goto the project window, it also put
a '/' in the command line, which means you can type word for searching directly.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`:ExpjS[electToggle]`

Open/Close the project window.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`:ExpjG[otoCurrentFile]`

When the cursor is in edit window, use the command will let the cursor jump back 
to the exProject select-window, and locate the current edit file in project window 
if the file can be found.

*NOTE:* the command is useful when you edit a file opened by exProject, but after 
several operation, you jump to other file, and you want to locate that file in 
exProject window, so that you can know what are the other files in the same folder.

recommended mapping:

{{{
nnoremap <unique> <leader>fc :ExpjGotoCurrentFile<CR>
}}}

== Key Mappings ==
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`<return>`

`<2-LeftMouse>`

If cursor on a file line, it will open the file in edit-window. If cursor on a 
folder line, it will fold/unfold the folder.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`<shift-return>`

`<shift-2-LeftMouse>`

If cursor on a file line, it will open the file and split it in edit-window. If 
cursor on a folder line, it will prompt a command line window with the path of 
current directory. (win32 only)

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`<space>`

Resize the project window by `exPJ_window_height_increment` or 
`exPJ_window_width_increment`

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`\C`

Build up the project file with dialog asking the working directory, file filter 
and dir filter you want.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`\R`

Refresh the project file using the working directory, file filter and dir filter 
you already setted.

*NOTE:* You can manually modify the first two lines to change the file filter 
and dir filter without pop up a dialog. When refreshing, the script will read 
them first.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`\cf`

Refresh the directory current cursor in with a file filter dialog.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`\r`

Refresh the directory current cursor in follow the global file filter rules.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`<ctrl-up>`

`<ctrl-down>`

Find and jump to the up/down nearst error file which name is `ErrorLog.err`.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`<ctrl-j>`

`<ctrl-k>`

Jump to the prev/next folder.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`<o>`

Add a new file in the folder current cursor in.

*NOTE:* When add a new file, the cursor must in the folder or in a existed file 
under that folder. You can't create a file in a empty line.

*NOTE:* You don't need to fill the file type in `[]`, use `\r` instead.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`<O>`

Add a new folder in the folder current cursor in. The new folder will be created 
under current folder.

*NOTE:* When add a new folder, the cursor must in a existed folder. You can't 
create a folder in a file line or a empty line. 

*NOTE:* The folder you create must already exsits. Yeah, I know, it make me sick,
too.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`\e`

Show path of the file under current cursor in command window.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`\ff`

default mapping:

{{{
nnoremap <unique> <leader>ff :EXProject<CR>:redraw<CR>/\[[^\CF]*\]\c.*
}}}

find only files in the project window.

*NOTE:* This can be use when you outside the exProject window.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`\fd`

default mapping:

{{{
nnoremap <unique> <leader>fd :EXProject<CR>:redraw<CR>/\[\CF\]\c.*
}}}

find only folders in the project window.

*NOTE:* This can be use when you outside the exProject window.
