<!-- ======================================================================================-->
<!-- File         : exTagSelect.wiki-->
<!-- Author       : Wu Jie -->
<!-- Last Change  : 05/01/2009 | 17:22:05 PM | Friday,May-->
<!-- Description  : -->
<!-- ======================================================================================-->

= exTagSelect =

== Intro ==
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The exTagSelect is responsible for showing the possible tags you gived, list 
them in select-window.

If you choose a tag from select-window, it will jump to the position in edit-window, 
and record the jump. 

You can browse your jump history in exJumpStack, and if necessary you can jump 
back to read that code.

The exTagSelect loads data from tags file created by [http://ctags.sourceforge.net/ cTags]. 
The recommend command is:

{{{
ctags -o./_tags -R --c++-kinds=+p --fields=+iaS --extra=+q \
    --languages=c,c++,c#,python,vim,html,lua,javascript,uc,math \
    --langmap=c++:+.inl,c:+.fx,c:+.fxh,c:+.hlsl,c:+.vsh,c:+.psh,c:+.cg,c:+.shd,javascript:+.as ..
}}}

But you really don't need to worry about the tag generation and setting the 
path of the tag. In exVim the process will be done automatcially in 
quick_gen_project_xxx.(bat\|sh) and ".vimentry" file 

== Variables ==
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`exTS_window_height`

Set the height of the window. This variable only effect when the 
`g:exTS_use_vertical_window = 0`

{{{
let g:exTS_window_height = 20
}}}

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`exTS_window_width`

Set the width of the window. This variable only effect when the 
`g:exTS_use_vertical_window = 1`

{{{
let g:exTS_window_width = 30
}}}

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`exTS_window_height_increment`

Set the height increase value of window. This variable only effect when the 
`g:exTS_use_vertical_window = 0`

{{{
let g:exTS_window_height_increment = 30
}}}

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`exTS_window_width_increment`

Set the width increase value of window. This variable only effect when the 
`g:exTS_use_vertical_window = 1`

{{{
let g:exTS_window_width_increment = 100
}}}

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`exTS_window_direction`

 * topleft
 * botright
 * belowright

Set the window direction. This variable will be affect by `g:exTS_use_vertical_window`. 
When the vertical is true. it picked left, right direction, when the vertical is false, 
it picked top, bot direction.

{{{
let g:exTS_window_direction = 'topleft'
}}}

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`exTS_use_vertical_window`

Use the vertical window or the horizontal window

{{{
let g:exTS_use_vertical_window = 1
}}}

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`exTS_backto_editbuf`

If the value is 1, after choosing a item from explugin-window, the cursor will 
jump into the edit-window. Otherwise the cursor will jump back to the explugin-window. 

{{{
let g:exTS_backto_editbuf = 1
}}}

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`exTS_close_when_selected`

If the value is 1, after choosing a item from explugin-select/quickview-window, 
the script will close the explugin-select/quickview-window immediatelly.

{{{
let g:exTS_close_when_selected = 0
}}}

== Commands ==
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`:ExtsGoDirectly`

Search word under current cursor (`<cword>`) as tag name, and list the possible 
results in select-window. Recommended mapping:

{{{
nnoremap <unique> <silent> <Leader>] :ExtsGoDirectly<CR>
}}}

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`:TS {tag-name}`

Search a tag by `{tag-name}`, list the possible results in select-window. You can 
use `<tab>` to get matched tags when inputing tag names.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`:ExtsSelectToggle`

Open the exTagSelect select-window. Recommended mapping:

{{{
nnoremap <unique> <silent> <Leader>ts :ExtsSelectToggle<CR>
}}}

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`:TSigc`

Set ignore case for tag search. 

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`:TSnoigc`

Set no-ignore case for tag search. 

== Key Mappings ==
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`<return>`

`<2-leftmouse>`

Jump to the select item in edit-window.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`<space>`

Resize the project window by `exTS_window_height_increment` or `exTS_window_width_increment`

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`<esc>`

Close the exTagSelect plugin window.
