<!-- ======================================================================================-->
<!-- File         : ReadAndWriteCodeQuickly.wiki-->
<!-- Author       : Wu Jie -->
<!-- Last Change  : 06/23/2009 | 17:13:07 PM | Tuesday,June-->
<!-- Description  : -->
<!-- ======================================================================================-->

= Read & Write Code Quickly =

== Intro ==
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

When you working in a big project, there always dozens of classes, functions and variables.
The chapter before shows how to search these things in a project, but once you locate the
things, you would start working in it.  In this chapter, we will show you how to use exVim
to read and write your detail codes.

== Highlight Words ==
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

=== Word Highlight ===

When we reading a block of codes, the nice thing is we can temporarily highlight those
words/variables we care about, that will increase our code reading speed, and decrease 
mismatching the wrong text. To highlight a word, you just need to move your cursor to 
the word and press alt + 1/2/3/4. We provide 4 kinds of color let you highlight 4 different
words at the same time. When you press same number of hot-key in highlighted words, it will
clear the highlight, like a switch.

=== Highlight Clear ===

The alt + 0 will clear all highlighted words. Also you can use `<leader>1/2/3/4` to erase 
a specific highlight. When you highlight a word, and use another number to hgihlight the
same word, The color of the larger number highlight will overwrite the smaller one. 

=== Visual Highlight ===

You can use alt + 1/2/3/4 in visual mode, it will highlight those selected line even you just
select several column in a line. This is helpful when you want to known hwo many codes in
a block.

=== Highlight Commands ===

The exVim word highlight also provide a way to let you input pattern for highlighting. Just
by the commands HL1/2/3/4 {pattern}. The pattern could be a regular expression or just a
simple word.

=== Auto Highlight ===

When set g:ex_auto_hl_cursor_word to 1 in `.vimrc`, exVim will use exSynHLTemp syntax highlight 
color to highlight the word under current cursor when cursor holds.

=== Tips ===

In chapter [[TipsAndTricks|Tips & Tricks]], the #7 shows how to use the highlight word to
quickly substitute specific words.

== View Class Hierarchy ==
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

In object-oriented language like cpp,java,python and so on, inherit is a most important
things. It would be pain for big OO project if the inherit goes deep. To clarify the hierarchy
of the class, exVim provide commands to drawing the class hierarchy pictures.

=== View Class Hierarchy Directly ===

When your cursor under a class name, you can press \gv to draw the full hierarchy picture of
that class. And the picture will be shown if you set the g:exES_ImageViewer variable to a 
picture viewr tool.

=== Draw Children/Parent Class Hierarchy ===

The commdand GVC {class-name} will draw the children class hierarchy of the {class-name} you give. 
The commdand GVP {class-name} will draw the parent class hierarchy of the {class-name} you give. 

== settings ==
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

More settings and commands, check chapter [[exUtility]].
